Hello, this is jsut some useful information as to what this excel document
is and why it is even valued as a project for your reference. 

Regression Analysis is a type of statistical analysis. Regression can be 
performed in numerous programs such as R, or Python, but is very easily 
performed in Excel as well. 

Regression Analysis describes the relationships between a number of 
Independent/Predictor Variables and the Dependent/Predicted Variable. 
It produces an equation where Coefficints represent the relationship 
between each Predictor Variable and the Predicted Variable. You can use 
the equations to make predictions. 

Excel performs what Data Analysts would call Ordinary Least Squares or 
OLS Regression. OLS estimates the parameters in a regression model by minimizing
the sum of the squared residuals. It draws a line through the data points 
that minimizes the sum of the squared differences between the observed values
and the fitted values. 

The button to perform regression analysis in Excel is located under the 
Data Tab. There you should have an option for Data Analysis. From there 
you can select Regression and perform the necessary steps. 

If it isn't located in your version of Excel, you'll need to download the 
Data Analysis ToolPak in Excel first. 

This is found under File -> Options -> Add-Ins. On the Manage drop down list, 
select Excel Add-ins, then select Go. On the popup that appears, select
Analysis ToolPak and slect OK. Now you are ready to go. 

In Regression Analysis, performing OLS Regression is very easy. Interpreting 
the information is the hard part. In this project, the Regression is analyzing
the effects of Predictor Variables such as Square Footage, Number of
Bathrooms, and binary variables such as 1 for Good School DIstrict and 
0 for Unfavorable School District on the Predicted Variable Sale Price.   

So for the summary: 
Multiple R is not a standard for measuring regression, so just skip that for 
now. 

The R-Squared value here is 91.62%, these numbers here are measured in 
percentages by the way. This means the model we used here accounts for 
91.62% of the Predicted Variable's variance. Typically, the higher the 
R-Squared value, the better, but it is worth noting that this is not always
true, it's just typically true and that is not a big concern regarding 
this project. 

The Standard Error of the regression indicates the average size of the residuals. 
This stat shows how wrong the regression model is on average. The lower the 
value, the better, because it signifies the distances between the data points
and the fitted values are smaller. This value uses the measurement units of the 
Predicted Variable. 

In the ANOVA table, the most important stat is Signifigance F. This is the 
P-Value for the F-test of overall signifigance. This test, determines 
wether your model with all of its data, does a better job explaining the
Predicted Variable's variability than a model with no independent variables. 
Ouch. If this test is statistically signifigant, then it suggests you have 
a model with worthwhile information. 

The P-Value is written in scientific notation because it is a very small number. 
As a rule of thumb, a P-Value less than 0.05 is good. This means the model 
fits the data well. For more on that, I recommend looking up P-Values on 
YouTube. I recommend the videos from StatQuest, which are excellent. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vemZtEM63GY

The Coefficients table shows us the parameter estimates for the Predictor 
Variables in our model along with the Y-Intercept or Constant value. In 
our table, observe # of Bathrooms. The Coefficient for # of Bathrooms 
suggests that for every 1 unit increase in bathrooms, the Sale Price of a
house goes up by $31,225 dollars. Remind you, the Sale Price of homes was
measured in Thousands of Dollars. If the number of the Coefficient is 
positive, then as the number of bathrooms goes up, so does the sale price of
the houses.

Lastly, the P-Values for the Coefficients indicate whether the Predictor Variable
is statistically signifigant. When the P-Value is less than your signifigance 
level, you can reject the null hypothesis that the coefficinet equals zero. 
Keep in mind though that our Regression model as a whole is statistically 
signifigant because our Signifigance F stat is well below 0.05.

That's pretty much all we needed to know for now. There are some caveats of
course. The model could likely be improved by adding more Predictor Variables
because we need to keep in mind, our model is only as good as our assumptions
regarding the model and its place in reality. This model does not account 
for crime, traffic, poluttion, green spaces, walkability, bike lanes, and many
many more things that the model could benefit from with their inclusion. 

Lastly, Lastly, normally I wouldn't do OLS Regression analysis on a small 
dataset like this, but it makes it easier to get the point across. It's
important to have a large amount of observations in order to ensure the 
dataset is statistically signifigant.








